## A reflection on project 2

*This post addresses the following prompts:*  
*Explain what you did in the project and any interesting findings. Reflect on the process you went through for this project... Discuss things like: What was the most difficult part of the logic and programming for you? What would you do differently in approaching a similar project in the future? Provide a link to the rendered github pages repo and the regular repo (non-github pages site) as well!*  

Project 2 challenged me in many ways as the scope of the assignment was so enormous. My first difficulty was deciding which API to explore - some were difficult to navigate, others were too vast, and others seemed too small in order to carry out the required amount of analysis. I took the lead on exploring and selecting an API to work with and decided on the College Scorecard API after my partner suggested I look at some government data. The information within this API was extensive, but it was easy enough to parse once I figured out the structure. I decided to break it down into different areas that someone interested in colleges may want to explore: general info, admissions, costs, demographics, student financials, and earnings down the road. I created the functions for general info, admissions, costs, and earnings and also created the plots and tables for the first three of these. I also wrote up the majority of the "narrative" throughout the document.  

I will definitely be making sure my GitHub is properly communicating with R prior to starting on any future assignments... That was definitely the most challenging part of the programming for me and I was unable to get it resolved during this project due to a trip and illness. It is a top priority for me moving forward! I did, however, learn a LOT about GitHub from my partner on this project. While I felt our general knowledge of R was comparable, she was much more knowledgeable and experienced using GitHub and was a patient teacher.  

#### [View my Project 2 github pages repo here](https://rhencher.github.io/ST558-Project2/)
#### [View my Project 2 regular repo here](https://github.com/rhencher/ST558-Project2)
